docs: Update manifest page to add more details (#86144)
vercel/next.js: docs/01-app/03-api-reference/03-file-conventions/01-metadata/manifest.mdx

Add a `manifest.js` or `manifest.ts` file that returns a [`Manifest` object](#manifest-object).

> > Good to know: `manifest.js` is a special Route Handler that is cached by default unless it uses a [Dynamic API](/docs/app/guides/caching#dynamic-apis) or [dynamic config](/docs/app/guides/caching#segment-config-options) option. The final file name will be `manifest.webmanifest`.

Reviewer: Should we do something like:

```suggestion
> Good to know: `manifest.js` is a special Route Handler that is cached by default unless it uses a [Dynamic API](/docs/app/guides/caching#dynamic-apis) or [dynamic config](/docs/app/guides/caching#segment-config-options) option. The manifest link tag is automatically injected in the HTML. Dynamic files are served as `/manifest.webmanifest` while static files keep their original names.
```

cuz as far as I can tell, it is automatically added, but if you wanna reference it, of course it is good to know the name it might have
